_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: <a href="#">Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com){:target="\_blank"}. You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/){:target="\_blank"} and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/){:target="\_blank"}, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

first lauch of this website

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
# description: Research Assistant, <a href="https://speech.ee.ntu.edu.tw/~hylee/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Speech Processing and Machine Learning Lab</a>, National Taiwan University.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic_new.jpg
  address: # >
    # <p>555 your office number</p>
    # <p>123 your address street</p>
    # <p>Taipei, Taiwan</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"

social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Hi! I'm Heng-Jui Chang (張恆瑞), a research assistant at the National Taiwan University (NTU) <a href="https://speech.ee.ntu.edu.tw/~hylee/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Speech Processing and Machine Learning Lab</a> supervised by Prof. <a href="https://speech.ee.ntu.edu.tw/~hylee/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Hung-yi Lee</a>.
My research interests are in machine learning and speech processing.
I am currently working on automatic speech recognition (ASR) and self-supervised speech representation learning.

I received my B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from NTU in Jun 2021.
I was an undergraduate researcher at the <a href="https://speech.ee.ntu.edu.tw/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Speech Processing Lab</a> supervised by Prof. <a href="http://speech.ee.ntu.edu.tw/previous_version/lslNew.htm" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Lin-shan Lee</a> and Prof. <a href="https://speech.ee.ntu.edu.tw/~hylee/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Hung-yi Lee</a> from Mar 2019 to Jun 2021.

*I'm seeking opportunities to study for a Ph.D. starting from 2022 fall!*
